luchano zakara is an associate professor
of golf politics at the golf studies
Center of qar University he joins us now
in the studio thanks very much for being
with us so um what's happened here does
remind us once once again of of of just
how dangerous this job is not not only
in general but in this uh particular uh
war and that the the the journalists
that are reporting from Gaza are doing a
lot more reporting they are they are
living through what's going on there
just as much as everyone else is yeah
exactly I mean uh being uh War reporter
is a very dangerous uh uh profession but
here in gasa is becoming particularly
dangerous as the report has been saiding
not only the reporters that the most of
them I mean considering that more than
60 or 70 people already died already
journalist died but their families are
dying because they are living the same
place that they are have been bombed
which is showing that there is no
profession or no uh Place safe in gasa
right now being journalist being doctor
you go to work and you don't know if you
come back if you be going to be killed
or if your family that you left behind
because you went to to work is going to
be killed this is the case that we are
witnessing uh nowadays uh the couple of
or last month journalist of Al jair lost
all his family we all know journalist
not only from Palestinian but from many
countries that they have relatives that
they are living in gasa that they lost
their lives ER and they know they knew
about that when they were working when
they were reporting about the gasa War
Yeah you mentioned there um the Al's gar
of bureau
chief who lost so many members of his
family yet he continues to do the job
and he U suffered injuries uh as well in
this um attack and uh he is hopefully
recovering from those injuries in
hospital because he was he was able to
get to um a hospital uh and yet the fact
that he he continues to do this um it is
it is incredible that that they find the
determination to carry on after all of
this yeah exactly I mean I mean this is
a very um uh I mean the spirit of these
people that they are still there working
on doing their their job trying to
report considering all the already uh
problematic situations that they are
witnessing uh I mean how to deal with
the with with the emotions because they
are reporting about their own people
they're reporting even their about their
own families I mean if you reporting
about a a bomb uh that just exploded one
neighborhood you are noticing that it's
close to your place or close to your
family close to your relatives friends
Etc the situation is much more
complicated we are not talking about
journalists that they are traveling to
another country to report we are talking
about journalists that they live they
belong uh to that to that uh to that
same to the same place and that they
have their family there so I think uh
it's not something that is happening out
of the blue as many reports are saying
that they have been specifically
targeted but as I said before there is
no profession that is safe now being
journalist being security agent being a
um I mean someone who produce food or
bread or whatever I mean doctors nurses
are all being uh targets uh so basically
everybody is is not safe they in gasa
right now luchano good to get your
thoughts on this appreciated thank you
very much
now